welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
house at the end of the street
a newly divorced medical doctor sarah
cassidy
elizabeth shu and her 17-year-old
daughter alyssa
jennifer lawrence moved to a small
upscale suburb
they are disturbed to discover the house
they are moving into is on the same
street as a house in which a family used
to live in
until the parents were murdered the
story of the massacre is told to them by
the neighbors
four years prior a girl named carrie ann
jacobson killed her parents
then fled into the forest and was never
seen again
leaving her brother ryan max the arrow
as the sole survivor
ryan now lives alone and is hated by his
neighbors
bill weaver gil bellows a local police
officer
appears to be ryan's only supporter
the mother-daughter relationship becomes
rocky and alyssa starts seeing ryan
against her mother's wishes
finding ryan to be lonely but a sweet
boy
ryan confides in her that he
accidentally injured carrie anne by
allowing her to fall from a swing when
they were little
he was supposed to be watching her while
their parents were getting high on drugs
the resulting brain damage from the
accident made her extremely aggressive
leading to their parents murder ryan
is revealed to have been secretly taking
care of a seemingly now grown carrie ann
eva link in a hidden room
carrie ann manages to escape and
approaches a young couple in a car while
brandishing a kitchen knife
ryan catches up to her before she can
reach the couple but accidentally kills
her while trying to hide her
in grief he goes to a diner where he
meets a kind waitress named peggy
jordan hayes later some unruly high
school boys pick a fight with ryan and
he flees
and alyssa drives to his house and
subdues a fire the boys started
she finds tampons in the kitchen garbage
and explores the house with suspicion
until she finds the secret room and is
attacked by carrie anne
who is revealed to actually be peggy
ryan restrains carrie anne while
frantically screaming at alyssa to leave
alyssa finds blue contact lenses and
peggy johns's wallet in the kitchen
ryan has kidnapped the waitress and
attempted to make her look like
carrie anne alyssa tells ryan she has to
go home but ryan hits her
knocking her unconscious alyssa wakes to
find herself tightly tied to a chair
ryan reveals to her that carrie anne
didn't kill their parents
in fact she died during the accident on
the swing set
it was ryan who killed their parents
after suffering years of abuse because
they blamed him for his sister's death
this leads to the final revelation that
the carry ants he's been keeping in the
basement
were kidnapped women who he made up to
look like his sister
he explains that he wants alyssa but
that he needs carry-anne and cannot have
both
officer weaver goes to ryan's house to
look for alyssa
but ryan stabs him to death alyssa frees
herself
and tries to escape in ryan's car but
ryan knocks her out with chloroform and
traps her in his car
trunk with peggy's body sarah arrives
and is also
stabbed by ryan alyssa struggles out of
the car
and ultimately shoots ryan with weaver's
gun
when she approaches him he suddenly
wakes up and grabs her wrist
when ryan attempts to stab alyssa with
the knife
sarah strikes him in the head with the
hammer
alyssa and sarah move out and ryan is
placed in a psychiatric ward
a flashback shows young ryan in girls
clothing about to blow out birthday
candles
his mother calls him carrie anne and
when ryan protests that his name is ryan
not carrie anne she slaps him violently
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you